(Feel free to edit!)









JASON!!! 
Jason is the main character that we control, he's a kid, lost, confused and scared of this place. He has been signed in that place to experiment with him, 
each day he's given the same place, the same things, but also every day this poor kid gets tested (ALSO a moral of the whole story of no testing on people/kids)
with different stuff so he experiences some stuff most of the time and if he wants, he can overdose on drugs the first day (first ending i guess).
the drugs causes the loop in the places, if he doesn't do them for one day they wouldn't notice, but right after the second day they will start to hunt him down
and will bring him back. btw did i said this game might be touching themes of drugs and abuse? if not, then im saying it rn so no one get's tangled in all.

For him to exit he have to dig with something he finds on the ground on one said place, if he goes up a level (aka goes trough the loop once)  a slight layer
of the dug wall will be fixed, but his objects can be destroyed the longer he digs in the wall. Some are innefective and others are extremely effective, 
it all depends on the day.

Background:
One day on his birthday, he gets almost stolen from his parents by the testing corporation and is in this maze... nothing much is known between the 
transfer and the place there as a whole.

Monsters (aka other NPC's):
none 

Easter eggs: 
press 7 for Jason's name to be heard (Heavy rain reference)

Main stuff:
Interactable speakers on the walls where something plays, like a snippet which tells the user what to do (possibly some lore from here)
There can be achievments mechanic where each ending gives you something, some are hidden (probably connected to easter eggs) 
----other stuff are just there with tips.
Each day that kid goes for his life in this almost rat maze and gets a pair of injection which will enter his system and he can walk for the
----first days before the stuff hits and depending on the severity of the drug, he can get different stuff and all. he can inject as much
----as he wants drug for the day, but there have to be at least one injection a day or else they do it without him. enough forcations and Jason himselfs gets crazy